When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  
  When i want to make my work public and when i want to work with other people.
  
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

 Because this way you can be sure that code with errors is not updated.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
  
    Using branches the changes are added to the same repisotory.  While forking and cloning both copy an entire repository to
    a new location.  The difference between forking and cloning is that forking
    is a special construct made by GitHub.  You can only fork a GitHub
    repository to another location on GitHub, while you can clone any Git
    repository to anywhere you have access to.

    I use branching for most cases where I want to add new changes to a
    repository while keeping an easy reference to a previous version, especially
    when collaborating with other people.  I clone a repository on GitHub when I
    want to work on that repository locally rather than using the GitHub
    website.  I fork a repository on GitHub when I want to make changes to that
    repository public, but I don't have permission to modify the original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

 If I am about to go without Internet access for a while, for example to work
    on a plane, I can update my local copy before I leave.  I can do this even
    if I'm not ready to merge those changes into my own branches yet.  Then if I
    want, I can perform the merge while offline, or I need to know what the
    remote version is at some point, I have an easy way to access it.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

 If I had to collaborate on a coding project without using Git or GitHub (or
    any other form of version control designed for code), I might suggest that
    we all make changes to a shared folder, for example, a DropBox folder.  This
    would be a ligter-weight solution than using Git and GitHub.  However, if we
    both wanted to work on the same part of the file, it would be very difficult
    to avoid clobbering each other's changes.

    Real-time collaborative editors like Google Docs are also great for
    collaboration, but I don't know a good version of Google Docs for code.
    Even if I did, I would be hesitant to use this approach on code that it's
    important to keep bug-free.  I would be worried that someone else would add
    a change that combined with my change to make a bug, and I might not even
    notice their change!